DevFest Belgium 2016 is coming this weekend! The 5th edition of the
biggest conference about Google technologies in Belgium will take on
October 22-23. You have your last chance to register to the conference
here: http://devfest-belgium.fikket.com/event/devfest-belgium-2016

We invite all developers, designer, entrepreneurs, techies, newbies
and interested people to join us in Brussels. Learn more about
Android, Cloud, Firebase, Internet of Things or latest Web
technologies from Google. Besides that you will meet experts from
different areas and will have an opportunity to broaden your circles.

We have the pleasure to announce that we have speakers from companies likes
Google, Dt. Telekom, iMinds, AppFoundry, hackages, Datatonic, fourcast, HTML5test.

We will also have a special track on Google’s answer to artificial
intelligence – TensorFlow. You will have not only a chance to learn
something from machine learning, but also try it yourself in a codelab
– so come prepared and make sure you have installed necessary
requirements:(https://github.com/martin-gorner/tensorflow-mnist-tutorial/blob/master/INSTALL.txt)

For the Android code lab, please make sure that you have Android Studio and the Android
SDK installed.

For the Progressive Web Apps code lab, please check the list below:

* Chrome 52 or above
* [Web Server for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/web-server-for-chrome/ofhbbkphhbklhfoeikjpcbhemlocgigb), or your own web server of choice
* The sample code
* A text editor like Atom
* Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Chrome DevTools
